System Administration Help Documents
Last Modified: 04/30/2017

Overview:
This distribution contains documentation for experienced system
administrators. This distribution contains detailed and quick
references in editable text and Word formats. The documentation set is
broken down into quick references, core administrative tasks, and
advanced administrative tasks. The core and advanced documentation is
divided into numbered sections used to create offline hard copy
notebooks. The detailed documentation set is distributed as Word
documents to allow system admins to edit and add their own notes as
needed.

EULA:
The accuracy of any information in this documentation set is not
guaranteed. By using this documentation or example programs you assume
all risks to your operating systems, software, and hardware.

COPYING:
This documentation and software is distributed for the purpose of
helping system administrators. This documentation and software can be
freely modified and distributed, but without a warranty of any
kind. Use of this documentation and software for any purpose is not
guaranteed. Any third party libraries used to build example programs
distributed with this documentation are subject to the licensing
agreement stated within the source code and any documentation supplied
with the third party library.

Contributing:
If you wish to contribute to this documentation set, fork a GIT branch
and add your contributions. All updated documents will be reviewed and
added to the trunk version for next Github release. 

When submitting documents or example programs do not include any
personal or real system information. Examples referring to a username
must use a generic name such as; user1, username1, etc. Never include
any password information, real names, email addresses, or physical
addresses. Never include any hostname information or real IP
addresses. IPv4 address examples should only use private ranges; 10.*, 
172.16-31.*, 192.168.*. All contributors are responsible for screening
their documents prior to submitting. 

Operating Systems:
This documentation set is not limited to any specific operating system
or hardware platform. If there is a operating system or hardware
platform you wish to add to this distribution you can add your own
branch or open a ticket on Github. 

Support:
For all support issues, open a ticket on Github:

https://github.com/dgaer/system_admin_docs/issues
 
